c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\obj\x86\Debug\testkod.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\testkod.exe
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\testkod.pdb
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\obj\x86\Debug\testkod.exe
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\obj\x86\Debug\testkod.pdb
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\C1.PNG
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\C2.PNG
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\C3.PNG
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\C4.PNG
c:\users\oliwer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testkod\testkod\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\grattis.PNG
